Stop me
The store manager, this customer, he doesn't buy anything.
Still making trouble here
I broke all the skirts that Miss Shen liked.
Miss Shen is kind-hearted and indifferent
Just let him go and he refuses to scold me for shutting up
I just received news that the boss is coming to inspect today.
Miss Shen has always had a temper
Can't afford to offend
You have to deal with it quickly
Madam, I'm so sorry.
Miss Shen is a VIP customer.
There is indeed a right of first refusal.
This dress is not a limited edition.
I will transfer the goods back from abroad for you immediately.
It will be delivered to your door then.
What if I am also a VIP customer?
Lucy, you said
Become a VIP customer here
If the annual consumption reaches more than 1 million yuan, it is up to you
Use this.
This black gold dragon pattern
How is that possible?
Is there anything different about the store manager?
The black gold dragon pattern of the world's brocade clothes
It is a symbol of the status of the supreme power
It is said that he can be transferred at will
Global assets are at least 10 trillion
His owner
But the ultimate in the world's top luxury goods industry
target customer
Such a distinguished card
How could it be in the hands of one of his inferior people?
But I see he looks the same.
That's what he copied
There's no money in it at all
Then not
Brush to see
Can't identify
Look, I'm fake
You see
It's all like this, you still act
Take us for fools
This lady asks you to go out